---
layout: event
header: no
title: "Symposium on Applications Of Contextual Integrity"
teaser: "The aim is to bring people together to present, discuss and share ideas based on ongoing and completed projects drawing on CI as their underlying conception of privacy."
categories:
    - accommodations
    - nonews
#sidebar: right
#sponsors: right
comments: false
show_meta: false
permalink: ci_symposium/logistics.html
---
<br/>

![Logo]({{ site.url }}/images/3rdCISymposium-2021-logo.png)

## Event Location

All activities this year take place in the [John Crerar Library (JCL)](https://computerscience.uchicago.edu/about/our-new-building/) on the University of Chicago's historic campus. John Crerar Library is the home of UChicago's Computer Science Department and is located at *5730 S. Ellis Ave., Chicago, IL 60637*. The campus is located on the South Side of Chicago in the Hyde Park neighborhood, about seven miles south of the Loop (downtown). There are a number of [attractions in Hyde Park itself](https://theculturetrip.com/north-america/usa/illinois/articles/10-best-things-to-do-and-see-in-chicagos-hyde-park/), in addition to the rest of [Chicago's](https://www.thrillist.com/entertainment/chicago/things-to-do-in-chicago) [myriad](https://travel.usnews.com/Chicago_IL/Things_To_Do/) [world-class](https://www.choosechicago.com/things-to-do/) [sights](https://www.timeout.com/chicago/things-to-do/best-things-to-do-in-chicago).
 
 
## Accommodations

The [Sophy Hotel](https://sophyhotel.com/) and the [Hyatt Place (Chicago-South / University Medical Center](https://www.hyatt.com/en-US/hotel/illinois/hyatt-place-chicago-south-university-medical-center/chizu) are both a 20-25 minute walk from campus, and both offer shuttles to campus. Airbnb is also an option, as is staying elsewhere in Chicago, particularly in the Loop (downtown). We also expect a number of attendees to come in just for the day, which is why the event begins at 10:00am.

## Getting to UChicago

Driving: [Driving directions to campus](https://collegeadmissions.uchicago.edu/visit/directions-accommodations/location-and-directions/directions-car) are available. You can use *5730 S. Ellis Ave., Chicago, IL 60637* as your destination in your preferred mapping software.

By public transportation: Chicago has an excellent system of public transportation, including buses, metro (the elevated train, or "the el"), and a commuter rail (Metra). From the Loop (downtown), the #6 bus, #192 bus, and #2 bus are all options, as is Metra commuter rail. We recommend using your preferred mapping software for the most convenient route from your exact point of origin. Note that while Green Line and Red Line el trains both run somewhat close to campus, you will then have to switch to a bus for the final hop to campus to avoid a long walk. The buses and el are operated by the CTA and [share a ticketing system](https://www.transitchicago.com/howto/buying-fares/) that offers both day passes and reloadable Ventra cards. The Metra commuter rail has [its own ticketing system](https://metrarail.com/tickets/buy-tickets).

From the airports: The university is about a 30-minute taxi ride from Midway Airport and about an hour taxi ride from O'Hare Airport. From Midway by public transportation, the 55 bus is usually most convenient and takes 45-60 minutes. From O'Hare by public transportation, take the Blue Line to (depending on your timing) an express bus or either the Red Line or the Green Line (followed by a bus), which will take 90-120 minutes.

## Parking on Campus

For parking information please check [the visitor parking page(https://safety-security.uchicago.edu/services/visitor_parking/ ). 

<!-- Campus North Parking Garage ($10): Just over two blocks from John Crerar
Library, the North Campus Parking Garage at 5501 S. Ellis Ave, Chicago, IL 60637
is the closest option. While the normal daily parking rate is $28, the
university's parking office has advised us that the Saturday daily rate is $10,
paid through an automated ticket system that accepts only credit and debit
cards, not cash.-->

<!-- 2) Surface Parking Lots (Free): On SaturdayAs, many surface parking lots
that are typically reserved for permit parking are free to the public. The lots
that are free on Saturdays, in rough order from closest to furthest from JCL,
are Young (5555 S. Ellis Avenue), McGiffert House (5751 S. Woodlawn Ave), Wells
(6000 S. Drexel), Chapin (6032 S. Kenwood), and Dorchester (1427 East 60th
Street). The ZIP code for all lots is 60637. These lots are all depicted on [the
university's parking
map.](https://d3qi0qp55mx5f5.cloudfront.net/safety-security/uploads/files/Parking_Lots_and_Garages_2018_March.pdf)
Note that the Young parking lot is closest to JCL, but is small. All other lots
are a 10 - 20 minute walk from JCL.-->

<!-- 3) Street Parking (Free): On Saturdays, street parking can generally be
found relatively close to campus, and MSW attendees are likely to find street
parking closer to JCL than most of the surface parking lots would be. We
recommend looking along the North or South Midway Plaisance or on S. Cottage
Grove Ave. Street parking might also be available on the streets immediately
adjacent to JCL, but many of these streets have metered parking, and parking
meters in Chicago are enforced on Saturdays. Also keep in mind that the campus
is in an urban location, so please do not leave valuables in your vehicle,
especially in plain sight. -->
